1.What is Inheritance in Java? 
2.What are different types of Inheritance supported by Java? 
3.Why multiple Inheritance is not supported by Java?
4.Why Inheritance is used by Java Programmers? 
5.How to use Inheritance in Java? 
6.What is the syntax of Inheritance? 
7.What is the difference between Inheritance and Encapsulation?
8.What is the difference between Inheritance and Abstraction? 
9.What is the difference between Polymorphism and Inheritance? 
10.What is the difference between Composition and Inheritance in OOP? 
11.Can we override static method in Java? 
12.Can we overload a static method in Java? 
13.Can we override a private method in Java? 
14.What is method hiding in Java? 
15.Can a class implement more than one interface in Java? 
16.Can a class extends more than one class in Java? 
17.Can an interface extends more than one interface in Java?
18.What will happen if a class extends two interfaces and they both have a method with same name and signature? 
19.Can we pass an object of a subclass to a method expecting an object of the super class?
20.How to call a method of a subclass, if you are holding an object of the subclass in a reference variable of type superclass? 
21.What are the rules to be followed while overriding a method?
22.What is the base class of all classes?
23.Does Java support multiple inheritances?
24.Does a class inherit the constructors of its superclass?
25.What is method overloading 
26.What restrictions are placed on method overloading?
27.What is the difference between overloading & overriding?
28.Why Multiple Inheritance Is Not Supported By Java?
29.Can A Class Extends More Than One Class In Java?
30.Can An Interface Extends More Than One Interface In Java?
31.Can a Class Extend Itself in Java?
32.Are static members inherited to sub classes in Java?
33.What is co-variant Method Overriding?
34.Can we change argument list of overridden method?
35.Can we change return type of method in subclass while overriding?
36.Can we override a method which throws run-time exception without throws clause?
37.Can we override a non-static method as static in Java?
38.Can we override constructor in Java?
39.Can you overload or override main method in Java?
40.What is the difference between Polymorphism and Inheritance?
41.What is the difference between Inheritance and Abstraction in Java?
42.What is the difference between Inheritance and Encapsulation?
43.What happens if both, super class and sub class, have a field with same name.?
44.What is subclass in java?
45.Can we overload a static method in Java? 